1319823404
Application	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
BrowsingTest	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CreateProducts	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/db/migrate/20111027172025_create_products.rb	class CreateProducts 
Depot	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/config/application.rb	module Depot
Product	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/models/product.rb	class Product 
ProductTest	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/test/unit/product_test.rb	class ProductTest 
ProductsController	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	class ProductsController 
ProductsControllerTest	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/test/functional/products_controller_test.rb	class ProductsControllerTest 
ProductsHelper	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/helpers/products_helper.rb	module ProductsHelper
ProductsHelperTest	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/test/unit/helpers/products_helper_test.rb	class ProductsHelperTest 
TestCase	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
change	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/db/migrate/20111027172025_create_products.rb	  def change
create	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def create
destroy	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def destroy
edit	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def edit
index	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def index
new	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def new
show	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def show
test_homepage	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
update	/Users/arunz/projects/depot/app/controllers/products_controller.rb	  def update
